Create ui-c8y-1018-503-104-changed-link-for-open-api-specification-to-point-to-the-main.md (#2245)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-104-changed-link-for-open-api-specification-to-point-to-the-main.md

---
date: ""

> title: Changed link for "OpenAPI specification" to point to the main page of APIs (#6602) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6657)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Updated link for "OpenAPI specification" to main API page
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59765
version: 1018.503.104
---

> Changed link for "OpenAPI specification" to point to the main page of APIs (#6602) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6657)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The link for "OpenAPI specification" in the Cumulocity IoT documentation previously pointed to an incorrect location. With this change, the link now directs users to the main page for Cumulocity IoT APIs. This improves the user experience by providing easy access to the complete API documentation from a central location.
```
